hello and welcome guys welcome you're
one who faces back to another WWE
undertaker special he has made it was a
turn on battleground what was going on
seriously I was not expecting that sorry
I starting the video off like that but I
was so I'm so stoked right now for
SummerSlam it should be a very very good
event but welcome how you guys doing did
you enjoy battleground and what has been
going on on Raw I will get to that in
just a second but the new road to glory
that is coming up and you're going to
get it on my screen right now the person
who is leading the event the
WrestleMania RTG is Brock Lesnar is
going to be brockless and they released
while they announced that it was someone
that wasn't too happy with the result as
i was thinking hmm know what's going on
here but now his Brock Lesnar Brock
Lesnar is a leading edge just to go
through like all the different cards
common we've got Roman reigns uncommon
edge and then going all the way up we
have Big Show the rock super rare Booker
T ultra rare picture page legendary
Undertaker Seth Rollins which is the one
holding the briefcase gone I think he's
got to version he's got two cards things
so that was a login bonus not too long
ago so if you've got your survival login
bonus you're going to have a pro we've
got WrestleMania just normal one John
Cena and obviously Brock Lesnar and I've
been told that these that's prod he
beats Kevin Owens in toughness and power
he draws on speed and then it loses on
charisma but I definitely i'm gonna get
my hands on it that's one thing i am
going for Brock Lesnar is going to be in
my starting lineup and I think I'm gonna
have to say bye-bye to Roman reigns clip
I'm going to use them in my tag team or
or what I can do isn't that I can switch
round my it my whole dick really I could
then use Brock Lesnar as my solo I could
then put Kevin Owens as another solo and
use Daniel Bryan and Kane in a tag team
I don't know we're soon find out because
that's one thing I've been wanting to do
is definitely change a few things
because right now in the PCC no sorry in
the yeah King of the Ring I have been
struggling boys I have seriously been
struggling like usually this
be the moment that I say I've got to the
final hero here's my rewards no I don't
know I've got to the sammies no haven't
even got to the quarterfinals the last
one I didn't even make it because there
are so many humans in it I actually
finished 10th though so I get epic and
legendary card which i will use for
fusions and talking about fusion how
long we got left one day 23 hours we'll
book that's going to be pretty nice if I
don't get a pro from this not going to
be happy I well basically if I get
Blassie then I will take it if I don't
get a and I don't get a pro not
happy so yeah we're seeing soon find out
what's going on here but Seth Rollins
Seth Rollins got away with it
battleground you know with that
interference from Undertaker and when
undertake was doing the tombstones the
second tombstone he was wobbling who's
gonna give way imagine if he gave way
that I mean so embarrassing but I think
he's got maybe a couple more matches in
him and I really believe that
WrestleMania coming round hill of his
last match who could he have it may be
sting maybe have a retirement match
against sting who knows but I think
that's the hurt of it nail in the coffin
for untaken cuz he's he's getting past
it but really excited to see what
happens a SummerSlam against Brock
Lesnar yeah basically i'm gonna be
showing you something else look at this
guy Seth Rawlings I packed him yesterday
while I put our pulled him from the
bulletin board him from the board and I
was actually thinking the upcoming Oh
trot RTG is he going to be the
WrestleMania card in that if he is then
I've already got a Wrestlemania pro so
i'll probably still use him in the
chamber but it's made my mind up he he
actually isn't the WrestleMania card so
I'm going to pop him in the chamber
anyway so that's nice to see because I
was really running now because I want to
get myself a Bray while I love to look
at that card it looks so dark in Aries
it's really really nice so yeah and one
thing also i think the summer the
SummerSlam have been what we're going to
be seeing is a Luke Harper Bray Wyatt
versus in the tag team against Dean
Ambrose and Roman reigns and I really
feel that Roman reigns is just an
awesome guy in a tag team like we know
he's not the best with dice charisma and
that he's not that great on the mic but
wrestling wise is good and I think he's
suited as a tag team but then Dean
Ambrose on his own it's also very he's
very good like he's just got so much
charisma system is it an also awesome
solo artist put it that way so I wonder
what's going to happen with that but
definitely that's gearing up for
SummerSlam tag team match which is
pretty cool and yeah the Divas have been
like turning it up as well they're
turning the sort of the scene on fire
with that really really good and I only
watched rural yesterday because always
watch them like a day behind because
obviously different times in the UK so I
watched battleground late I watched rule
a and all the roster get run it out to
try and stop Undertaker and Brock Lesnar
getting it on but yeah it's really
really good i'm so excited for that
match and it should be awesome but one
thing I haven't shown you right now I've
just been playing a few games one thing
i want to show you is the king of the
ring got center and torn yeah the king
the ring right this current one the
issues with this is that there are so
many human players in here like i don't
even know who's a bot I think these are
all real people maybe no I think he's
real yeah i think they are all real
people which is so annoying there's only
a couple of games in it from around like
what fifth position and I'm finding
myself in nineteen spot but at 96 for
finding myself in 7th or 19 wins and I
need to really likes to sort my deck out
because I went in this I don't know why
did it oh I'm winning whoo let's go but
now I went into this with a with the
wrong tag team oh don't even link up
properly they just like neutralize each
other I don't know why I did that but I
need to leave diva diva page in there
for guaranteed wins because i'm not
going to go through otherwise it is hard
and I've been finding that the past
couple of king of the rings that I've
entered it's tough I think they've
changed something I don't know what's
going on but guys let me know if you're
going to be going for the road to glory
and are you going to be going for the
survivor set rawlings you can be going
for Wrestlemania John Cena or are you
going to go for the man himself Brock
Lesnar and what's going to happen with
Seth Rollins now like they've sort of
disregarded the title like it's just
turning 20 vs undertaker and brock
no SummerSlam I wonder who he's going to
face like I know he had that little bit
with with John Cena on Raw so wonder if
they're just going to have a match
together just to sort out their
differences no titles on the line or
anything but yeah it's kind of
interesting to see what happens there
but this is going to be my last match
guys and I will let you go definitely
going to be getting some more videos out
very very soon on the road to glory and
yeah I should be able to get the the pro
and saw out my deck because right now
I'm not happy with it but let's have a
look do we 30 m3 oh yeah woo yeah boy
let's have a look what we get but I
won't be getting any rest many pools
that soon because i already had that
Seth Rollins which I'm going to be using
in the chamber I picked the wrong one
I'm in to pick over here Kofi Kingston
and boom Jack Swagger we're going to
finish off with a better swag and thank
you ever so much for watching team fuji
Fujita's i am out please